How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It.s very eazy and simple

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Good

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Not good

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Fill in your answer here

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

	Mnually choosing commit is the best.
	Manually I can create my checke points there for next time when I refers those, the point shows me what I have to consider.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Git allow saving multiple files in one commit beacuse this is made for software and the software is not a single file but it is a collections of files, there for we need to track down ower check point what kind of chages we done in every file.
	On other hand Google Docs is not makde for software development there for they dosen't need to worry aboiut multiple saving in single commit.


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	
	git log that print diffrent commits.
	git diff that going to print what lines I had removed and what lines I had added. 


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
	
	version control is definatly not goig to break my code if I make change that code back to any check point but just I have to remember my original HEAD check point.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	I want to use git for my every future projects.

	git --version
	git clone
	git lod
	git diff old new 

	git -a -> to see hidden files
	git init -> to start new repository
	git status -> show you which file has been chenged
	git add -> add file into staging area

	git confing --global color.ui auto

	q = get out from git log

f19cb1b80fe27e938e4d72770ca0a42f25e99ecc b0678b161fcf74467ed3a63110557e3d6229cfa6